Company Description

The IKEA vision is to create a better everyday life for the many people – our customers, co-workers, and suppliers.  

Inter IKEA Group is all about making IKEA better and more reachable for people worldwide through three main areas: Retail Concept, Range, and Supply. Imagine it as the behind-the-scenes team responsible for ensuring that IKEA products are made and delivered to customers effectively. 

Supply Chain Development (SCD) is one of the business units at IKEA Supply and we are on an exciting journey! SCD is the part of IKEA Supply that's focused on improving how the supply chain works. In Supply Chain Development we run and manage processes and solutions, securing excellence in operations as we are the home base to operational and expert functions, all providing preconditions for our integrated value chain. We develop the” supply the offer” processes and secure continuous improvements. Furthermore, we take the lead in keeping the business transformation on behalf of Supply together, by defining the prerequisites for the future IKEA operating model. And finally, we keep together the innovation and exploration agenda for ‘what’s next’ in the supply chain. All of this is done with a strong end-to-end approach with stakeholders from across the total IKEA eco system. 

About Capability Area Procurement Development 

Procurement Development is part of Supply Chain Development. We manage and develop procurement management capabilities, processes and relate​d digital solutions. Our mission is to secure the total supplier lifecycle from beginning to end of cooperation. This comprises of all major activities such as supplier sourcing, category strategy development, supplier relationship management and deviation management.  


Job Description

Are you curious about exploring innovative technologies like UX and AI in a global context? 

Are you ready to take ownership of requirements and ensure they deliver real value? 

Are you eager to collaborate with diverse teams and turn business needs into impactful digital solutions? 

Are you excited to work on traceability and compliance challenges that shape the future of IKEA? 

Are you passionate about making supply chains smarter and more sustainable? 

As a Business Analyst within Supply Chain Development, you will enable IKEA people to explore and define business needs, see the rationale for change, 
and recommend business solutions that deliver value. Support the alignment of requirements and development with mapped capabilities to eliminate 
duplicated functionalities across IKEA Business Capability Model. 

We are investing in traceability & compliance and are seeking skilled Business Analysts with expertise in this field.
Experience in areas such as supply chain mapping and traceability, compliance, legislation and audits are very valuable. 
Experience within UX and AI is also beneficial. 

 Your responsibilities will include, but will not be limited to: 

Verify the business need and ensure it aligns with strategic direction, vision and objectives.  
Explore, define and manage requirements. Assure traceability of stakeholder needs and business requirements.  
Responsible for consequence analysis, including evaluation of potential outcomes and impacts.  
Are you motivated to continuously learn and adapt in a dynamic environment? 

Are you confident in challenging stakeholders and driving meaningful change? 

Are you someone who thrives on analyzing complex problems and finding structured solutions? 

Communicate and collaborate with different stakeholders, including Digital Product Team to ensure proper translation of business needs to Digital Product Requirements. 
Support Digital Product Development activities including solution exploration, implementation, testing & adoption.  
Support change management activities including creation of learning- and communication material to enable successful product adoption.  
Support assessment of the value that has been delivered post successful solution implementation and adoption. 

Qualifications

We are looking for a person with excellent analytical skills and good knowledge of the business context. Also, you have very good listening and communication skills, and you can describe complex information in a simple and structured way. You see the big picture and can also detect small details. We believe you enjoy the opportunity to work with various products and projects over time and are curious and motivated to learn and develop yourself.  

More specifically, we wish that you have: 

Knowledge and experience in or good understanding of business analysis and modelling, requirements management process. 
An ability to elicit, find patterns, and see new opportunities and possibilities in an analytical and very structured manner 
Ability to lead with a business mindset, challenge stakeholders and determine what is relevant 
A quality focus to all solution management activities 
An ability to address process/technology challenges creatively and pragmatically 
Basic knowledge of different delivery methods and software lifecycle management 
Understanding of test methods and tools with focus on acceptance testing. 

Additional Information

Please note, for this position it is possible to be located in both Älmhult, Sweden and Warsaw, Poland. We are looking forward to your application! Please submit both your CV and motivational letter in English. 
 Please note that we handle applications and we will interview on a continuous basis, so if you are interested apply as soon as possible and the latest  23rd of November 2025.  

If you have questions about the position please contact recruiting Erica Sjunnesson, erica.sjunnesson@inter.ikea.com or 
Sanna Norlander, sanna.norlander1@inter.ikea.com.

If you have questions about the recruitment process, please contact People & Culture Specialist Sarah Assem, sarah.assem@inter.ikea.com 